Hi friends in this video let us learn how to
copy a file.
Here we have file1.txt and
we have some content in it
Now we have to copy this content into file2.txt
So how to do it?
So let us understand this
Using this programme here. First let us open the file
file.txt in read mode using
fopen function and the address will be returned to file
pointer fr
Now we create and open a new file, file
copy.txt in write mode and the address is
returned to file pointer fw. Now we create a
string of size 10. Size equal to 10 is already
defined in the programme.
So if both file opening are successful let us read
strings of size 10 from file.txt
and write it to file copy.txt
So in the first iteration "welcome t" will be
read to str and will be written to buffer using
fputs function
In the second iteration "o log2bas" will
be read and written to buffer. In the next iteration
"e2." will be read to str first and
then it will be written to buffer
Now we have reached end of file so control comes out
of while and now we can close both the files
when we close fr, the buffer associated with it will
be removed. When we close fw the data will
be returned to file and the buffer associated with it
will be removed from the memory
Now the data from file.txt is
copied to file copy.txt
So this is how we can copy data from one
file to another
We can use fgets function to get strings
from one file and use fputs function to
write these strings to another file
So that's all and thank you for watching this video